Open Settings, and expand the Operations group.
p02
These lists are the raw material for dropdowns all over the platform.
p03
When a cashier reaches for a reason and it isn't there,
p04
the fix lives on one of these pages, not in the register.
p05
Open Cancellation Reasons.
p06
Two columns here.
p07
One names the reason, the other decides whether a cashier ever sees it.
p08
That second column, Show on P-O-S, is the one to check first
p09
when a reason exists but never shows up at the register.
p10
Look at the list body.
p11
Thirty-three reasons, loaded live.
p12
The tiles above count thirty shown at the register and three kept hidden,
p13
and the footer pages you through the full set.
p14
Those three hidden rows read No in the second column:
p15
still on the books, invisible to the cashier.
p16
Now Refund Reasons.
p17
One column, one job: it fills the reason picker on the refund screen.
p18
This tenant's list is genuinely empty, zero reasons,
p19
with a note that the P-O-S database may not be configured yet.
p20
That is a real empty state, not a load error.
p21
Rewash Reasons, same idea.
p22
This is the list an attendant picks from when a car goes back through the wash.
p23
Twelve reasons live here, everything from bugs on the car to wheels not clean.
p24
Identical shape to refunds, just with its rows filled in.
p25
Two more, back to back.
p26
Event Types, then Transaction Types.
p27
One classifies things that happen, the other classifies money that moves,
p28
and reporting leans on both.
p29
The layout never changes: a description column and a count.
p30
Issue Status Types.
p31
This one loaded, so you can see the real values.
p32
Open, in progress, pending parts, resolved, closed.
p33
Those five are the stages an issue walks through,
p34
and they're the same labels you'll meet on ticket records elsewhere.
p35
Switch groups, over to Automation.
p36
This is where the background jobs live:
p37
the scheduler, its parameters, and the mass text log.
p38
User Levels sits here too, but that's a security page, and it's covered on its own.
p39
Open Task Scheduler.
p40
Read the tiles first.
p41
They sum up the whole job list at a glance, and the one that earns your attention is Failed.
p42
When someone says a job didn't run,
p43
a non-zero Failed count is your fastest signal, before you open a single row.
p44
Now the list itself.
p45
Five columns tell you a job's name, its schedule, when it last ran,
p46
when it runs next, and its status.
p47
The daily report email is right here.
p48
If it never arrived, read last run and status on that row before you blame the mailbox.
p49
Notice the new-record and filter controls.
p50
You read this page.
p51
You never edit a schedule, and you never run a task.
p52
One quirk worth knowing: today the header claims eighteen tasks,
p53
but only three rows actually rendered.
p54
The rest we've parked.
p55
Task Parameters.
p56
These are the reusable inputs the jobs read when they run.
p57
The updated-by and updated columns tell you who last changed one, and when,
p58
which is exactly what you want the day a job starts behaving differently.
p59
Rows are loading from the service.
p60
Last page. Mass S-M-S Log.
p61
This is the delivery record for mass texts.
p62
When a customer swears they never got the message,
p63
the status column is where you confirm whether it actually went out.
p64
Same load error today, so the rows are pending.
p65
So, two groups, two kinds of ticket.
p66
Operations feeds the dropdowns, so a missing reason ends there,
p67
and Show on P-O-S decides what a cashier sees.
p68
Automation runs the jobs, so a report that never came
p69
starts at the scheduler's last run and status.
p70
Learn which page owns which question, and the triage answers itself.